# 2024

I hope that 2024 is the year of most progress. Following the outcomes of [[2023]] and its [[2023 reflection|failures and successes]], I hope to continue the rapid growth of becoming [[the better version of myself]]. I know this is a life long process, however, I want to take strategic steps and habits to meet my goals. [[morning routine]]

---
# Health
Health is a major part of who I am. Every since I was fat during middle school, I never wanted to feel like that again. Apart from physical appearance, I want to emphasize this year to growth in both mind and spirituality.

## Physical
I started the cut in December 2023, and hope to continue the cut till im shredded or April. I am planning on taking a solo vacation so I want to be in the best shape before then. After my vacation, or around July/August im going to start an extensive bulk that would hopefully last a year. This is going to be a lean bulk and will be followed by mini cuts if I am starting to lose my abs (around 15-16% bf).

- get shredded by April 2024
- practice self-care
	- keep your face skin clear
	- dress well, add watches, cologne, new outfits.

## Mind
I am planning on reading at least 100 books this year. I know this is an ambitious goal (*"its better to shoot for the moon, you may land among the stars"*). I am also going to keep learning key life skills, such as decision making and critical thinking. I want to be a better writer and formulate my words precisely during conversations. I am going to continue developing my digital garden, and going to try and stay consistent.

- read 100 books
- keep learning how to code and becoming a master at it

## Soul
Following the pain and suffering of last year,  I want to improve a lot in this area. I have lost the sense of meaning and purpose, I have lost who I am as a person, I have hated myself. I want to discover that. Whether it is through [[discipline]] or [[meditation]], I want to truly love myself. I want to be [[happiness|happy]]

- stay true to yourself, learn how to accept things as they are

---
# Relationships
This area in my life as been lacking for many years. Except for family, I have not made many friends or did some fun activities. I want to make more memories, 

## Family
Take care of my family, do some fun activities with them. Love them. For many years, I did not show my appreciation for them. I have took my time with them for granted. Remember that it does not have to be [[perfectionism|perfect]] but try your very best. Be more open to mom and dad, and buy them gifts

## Friends
Build more friendships or catch-up with other friends. I have been very lonely, and that is my fault. I have thought that the word revolved around me. Don't seek attention and validation. Seek to create memories and relationships that lasts a life time. I don't need many friends, I would rather have quality of friendships.

## Romantic Partner
I am hoping that this year I finally find a partner to love, but I am not keep my expectations high. I am not going to let the desire for love dictate my happiness. I often thought that if I get a girl to love me, then i'll be happy, but thats a recipe for disaster. I am not going to sit around, hoping and wishing that the girl of my dreams is going to land in my arms, I am going to put in the work of finding her. This means creating a dating profile, going to social events.

- [[find a romantic partner]]

---
# Career
I am a bit concerned about my career based on the fact that mom and dad are still working very hard to support me and brother. I want them to take it easy in life now, they are getting older and their time won't come back. I want them to enjoy life, go on adventures, explore the world. They have given me everything, the least I could do is focus hard on building my career.

## Job
I want to finish my final semester at SFU. I am going to finish it hard, no easy ways. While im doing my studies, I am going to start applying for jobs. Attend job fairs, message recruiters, get referrals. Do whatever it takes to land a good paying job, that I enjoy. I don't want to work at Redmane, but if I must, then it will be done. My main goal is to land a job at a faang or a good tech company. This means that I need to work on my resume, complete some coding projects, practice for leetcode.

- [[job search|get a job]]
## Money
I am going to save and invest most of my money. Or im going to. help pay the bills at home. I need to take more responsibility and take care of my parents. They will need help paying brother's tuition. I am planning on taking a vacation in April, so im prob going to use the $20K I invested in the stock market of my tsfa. Remember to live below my means, this means don't purchase stuff you don't need. Find the right balance between spending and earning/saving/investing money. I am saving for the long-term to generate [[wealth]].

## Mission
I'm not too sure what my mission in life is? Do I want to be wealthy so my family won't have to think about money? Do I want to spread love and kindness in the world? Do I want to become the best version of myself? I know that I want to leave an impact on the world, [[I want to make the world better]]. 

- take on a creative challenge, start documenting life and make short films.